docs/app/cloud/index.md, before:

---
title: Introduction
sidebar_position: 1
hide_title: true
---

## Cloud Documentation

[Jetify Cloud](https://cloud.jetify.com) gives your team the tools and frameworks to accelerate your
development workflow. Jetify Cloud is built on top of
[Devbox](https://www.jetify.com/devbox), a powerful tool for spinning up
reproducible, isolated development environments on any machine.

:::info
Jetify Cloud is currently available in Early Access. We're actively working on adding new features and improving the platform. To learn more, share your feedback, or follow our progress, join our [Discord Channel](https://discord.gg/jetify).
:::

Jetify Cloud currently includes:

**[Jetify Devspace](./devspace/index.md):** Create isolated, reproducible development environments for your team. Use Devbox to define the packages and configuration for your environment, and access your devspace anywhere from the browser.

**[Jetify Cache](./cache/index.md)**: Provides a secure, private cache to share packages across all your Devbox projects and environments, whether sourced from Nixpkgs or Flakes. Avoid rebuilding custom packages locally or in CI.

**[Jetify Secrets](./secrets/index.md)**: Securely store secrets and variables for all of your environments, and automatically synchronize them with your Devbox Shells and Scripts.

<!-- **[Jetify Deploys](./deploys/index.md)**: Deploy Devbox projects as autoscaling, stateless services. See your changes live and in production as soon as you push to your repository, no extra DevOps or Config required. -->

More features are coming soon, keep an eye on our [**blog**](https://www.jetify.com/blog) for future updates!

## Getting Started

- Create your first [**Jetify Devspace**](./devspace/index.md) and start developing in the cloud
- Speed up your dev environments with [**Jetify Cache**](./cache/index.md)
- Integrate Secrets with your Devbox project using [**Jetify Secrets**](./secrets/index.md)
- Learn how to [**create your team**](./dashboard/creating_your_team.md) and [**invite members**](./dashboard/inviting_members.md)
<!---  Learn how to deploy your application with [**Jetify Deploys**](./deploys/index.md) -->

Commit message:

Add deploys back to Sidebar (#2328)
## Summary

TSIA

## How was it tested?

docs/app/cloud/index.md, after:

---
title: Introduction
sidebar_position: 1
hide_title: true
---

## Cloud Documentation

[Jetify Cloud](https://cloud.jetify.com) gives your team the tools and frameworks to accelerate your
development workflow. Jetify Cloud is built on top of
[Devbox](https://www.jetify.com/devbox), a powerful tool for spinning up
reproducible, isolated development environments on any machine.

:::info
Jetify Cloud is currently available in Early Access. We're actively working on adding new features and improving the platform. To learn more, share your feedback, or follow our progress, join our [Discord Channel](https://discord.gg/jetify).
:::

Jetify Cloud currently includes:

**[Jetify Devspace](./devspace/index.md):** Create isolated, reproducible development environments for your team. Use Devbox to define the packages and configuration for your environment, and access your devspace anywhere from the browser.

**[Jetify Cache](./cache/index.md)**: Provides a secure, private cache to share packages across all your Devbox projects and environments, whether sourced from Nixpkgs or Flakes. Avoid rebuilding custom packages locally or in CI.

**[Jetify Secrets](./secrets/index.md)**: Securely store secrets and variables for all of your environments, and automatically synchronize them with your Devbox Shells and Scripts.

<!-- **[Jetify Deploys](./deploys/index.md)**: Deploy Devbox projects as autoscaling, stateless services. See your changes live and in production as soon as you push to your repository, no extra DevOps or Config required. -->

More features are coming soon, keep an eye on our [**blog**](https://www.jetify.com/blog) for future updates!

## Getting Started

- Create your first [**Jetify Devspace**](./devspace/index.md) and start developing in the cloud
- Speed up your dev environments with [**Jetify Cache**](./cache/index.md)
- Integrate Secrets with your Devbox project using [**Jetify Secrets**](./secrets/index.md)
- Learn how to [**create your team**](./dashboard/creating_your_team.md) and [**invite members**](./dashboard/inviting_members.md)
- Learn how to deploy your application with [**Jetify Deploys**](./deploys/index.md)
