docs/app/docs/cli_reference/devbox_services_up.md, before:

# devbox services up

Starts process-compose and runs all the services in your project. If a list of services is specified in the arguments, only those services will be started.

```bash
devbox services up [services]... [flags]
```

This command will launch the process-compose TUI in the foreground. To run process-compose and your services in the background, use the `-b` flag.

Once your services are running, you can manage them using `services start`, `services stop`, and `services restart`.

## Examples
```bash
# Start all services with process compose in the foreground
devbox services up

#Start all services with process compose in the background
devbox services up -b

# Start only the web service with process compose in the foreground
devbox services up web
```

## Options

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `-b, --background` | Run service in background |
| `-c, --config string` | path to directory containing a devbox.json config file |
|  `-e, --env stringToString` |  environment variables to set in the devbox environment (default []) |
|  `--env-file string` | path to a file containing environment variables to set in the devbox environment |
| `-h, --help` | help for up |
| `--process-compose-file string` | path to process compose file or directory  containing process compose-file.yaml\|yml. Default is directory containing devbox.json |
| `-q, --quiet` | Quiet mode: Suppresses logs. |

## SEE ALSO

* [devbox services](devbox_services.md)	 - Interact with devbox services

Commit message:

Update docs for 0.13 series (#2312)
## Summary
* Update Services docs to include all new features (attach, port
selection)
* Document `--patch` flag and json config
* Document installation via nix flake
* Document Devbox Environment Variables

## How was it tested?
localhost, `devbox run -- pnpm build`

---------

Signed-off-by: John Lago <750845+Lagoja@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Lucille Hua <lucille.hua@jetpack.io>

docs/app/docs/cli_reference/devbox_services_up.md, after:

# devbox services up

Starts process-compose and runs all the services in your project. If a list of services is specified in the arguments, only those services will be started.

```bash
devbox services up [services]... [flags]
```

This command will launch the process-compose TUI in the foreground. To run process-compose and your services in the background, use the `-b` flag.

Once your services are running, you can manage them using `services start`, `services stop`, and `services restart`.

## Examples
```bash
# Start all services with process compose in the foreground
devbox services up

#Start all services with process compose in the background
devbox services up -b

# Start only the web service with process compose in the foreground
devbox services up web
```

## Options

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `-b, --background` | Run service in background |
| `-c, --config string` | path to directory containing a devbox.json config file |
|  `-e, --env stringToString` |  environment variables to set in the devbox environment (default []) |
|  `--env-file string` | path to a file containing environment variables to set in the devbox environment |
| `-h, --help` | help for up |
| `--pcflags stringArray` | additional flags to pass directly to process-compose |
| `-p, --pcport int` | specify the port for process-compose to use. You can also set the pcport by exporting DEVBOX_PC_PORT_NUM |
| `--process-compose-file string` | path to process compose file or directory  containing process compose-file.yaml\|yml. Default is directory containing devbox.json |
| `-q, --quiet` | Quiet mode: Suppresses logs. |

## SEE ALSO

* [devbox services](devbox_services.md)	 - Interact with devbox services
