docs/README.md, before:

# Website

This website is built using [Docusaurus 2](https://docusaurus.io/), a modern static website generator.

You can also test and contribute to our docs online using Jetify Devspace!

[![Open In Devspace](https://www.jetify.com/img/devbox/open-in-devspace.svg)](https://cloud.jetify.com/new/github.com/jetify-com/devbox?folder=docs/app)

## Installation

```bash
cd docs/app     # from the devbox root directory
devbox shell    # optional, develop inside a devbox
yarn install    # run in devbox shell
```

### Local Development

```bash
yarn start
```

This command starts a local development server and opens up a browser window. Most changes are reflected live without having to restart the server.

### Build

```bash
yarn build
```

This command generates static content into the `build` directory and can be served using any static contents hosting service.

### Deployment

When a pull request is opened, it will automatically deploy via CICD to a preview.
When a pull request is merged, it will automatically deploy to production.
Check https://www.jetify.com/devbox/ after merge to see the latest changes.

Commit message:

Documentation Cleanup (#2592)
## Summary

Cleanup Devspaces Documentation links

## How was it tested?

Localhost testing

## Community Contribution License

All community contributions in this pull request are licensed to the
project
maintainers under the terms of the
[Apache 2 License](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).

By creating this pull request, I represent that I have the right to
license the
contributions to the project maintainers under the Apache 2 License as
stated in
the
[Community Contribution
License](https://github.com/jetify-com/opensource/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#community-contribution-license).

---------

Signed-off-by: John Lago <750845+Lagoja@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/README.md, after:

# Website

This website is built using [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/), a modern static website generator.


## Installation

```bash
cd docs/app     # from the devbox root directory
devbox shell    # optional, develop inside a devbox
yarn install    # run in devbox shell
```

### Local Development

```bash
yarn start
```

This command starts a local development server and opens up a browser window. Most changes are reflected live without having to restart the server.

### Build

```bash
yarn build
```

This command generates static content into the `build` directory and can be served using any static contents hosting service.

### Deployment

When a pull request is opened, it will automatically deploy via CICD to a preview.
When a pull request is merged, it will automatically deploy to production.
Check https://www.jetify.com/devbox/ after merge to see the latest changes.

# Devbox Documentation

Welcome to the Devbox documentation! This documentation is built using Docusaurus and contains all the information you need to get started with Devbox.

## Contributing to Documentation

We welcome contributions to our documentation! If you find any issues or would like to suggest improvements, please feel free to open a pull request.
