docs/app/docs/installing_devbox.mdx, before:

---
title: Installing Devbox
sidebar_position: 2
---
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs'
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## Install Devbox

Select your OS below for the steps to install Devbox.

<Tabs>
<TabItem value="linux" label="Linux">

Run the following install script as a *non-root user* to install the latest version of Devbox:

```bash
curl -fsSL https://get.jetify.com/devbox | bash
```

Devbox requires the [Nix Package Manager](https://nixos.org/download.html). If Nix is not detected when running a command, Devbox will install it for you in single-user mode for Linux. Don't worry: You can use Devbox without needing to learn the Nix Language.

If you would like to install Nix yourself, we recommend the [Determinate Nix Installer](https://determinate.systems/posts/determinate-nix-installer/).

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="macos" label="MacOS">

Run the following install script to install the latest version of Devbox:

```bash
curl -fsSL https://get.jetify.com/devbox | bash
```

Devbox requires the [Nix Package Manager](https://nixos.org/download.html). If Nix is not detected when running a command, Devbox will install it in multi-user mode for macOS. Don't worry: You can use Devbox without needing to learn the Nix Language.

If you would like to install Nix yourself, we recommend the [Determinate Nix Installer](https://determinate.systems/posts/determinate-nix-installer).

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="wsl" label="Windows/WSL2">

You can use Devbox on a Windows machine using [**Windows Subsystem for Linux 2**](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install). 

<details>
<summary>Installing WSL2</summary>

To install WSL2 with the default Ubuntu distribution, open Powershell or Windows Command Prompt as an administrator, and run:

```bash
wsl --install
```

If WSL2 is already installed, you can install Ubuntu by running

```bash
wsl --install -d Ubuntu
```
If you are running an older version of Windows, you may need to follow the [manual installation steps](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install-manual) to enable virtualization and WSL2 on your system. See the [official docs](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install) for more details

</details>

Run the following script in your WSL2 terminal as a *non-root user* to install Devbox.

```bash
curl -fsSL https://get.jetify.com/devbox | bash
```

Devbox requires the [Nix Package Manager](https://nixos.org/download/). If Nix is not detected on your machine when running a command, Devbox will automatically install it in single user mode for WSL2. Don't worry: You can use Devbox without needing to learn the Nix Language.

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="nix" label="NixOS/Nixpkg">

Devbox is available through the [**Nix Package Manager**](https://search.nixos.org/packages?channel=unstable&show=devbox&from=0&size=50&sort=relevance&type=packages&query=devbox). 

To install on NixOS:

```bash
nix-env -iA nixos.devbox
```

To install on a non NixOS:

```bash
nix-env -iA nixpkgs.devbox
```

or 

```bash
nix profile install nixpkgs#devbox
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Updating Devbox

Devbox will notify you when a new version is available. To update to the latest released version of Devbox, you can run `devbox version update`. 

If you installed Devbox with Nix, you can update Devbox via Nix using `nix-env -u devbox`, or `nix profile upgrade`.

You can find release notes and details on the [Releases page](https://github.com/jetify-com/devbox/releases) of the Devbox Github repo.

## Rolling Back or Pinning a Specific Version of Devbox

You can rollback or pin the version of Devbox on your system using the `DEVBOX_USE_VERSION` environment variable. For example, to use version 0.8.0: 

```bash
export DEVBOX_USE_VERSION=0.8.0
```

Setting this variable will use the specified version of Devbox even if a newer version has been installed on your machine. 

If you installed Devbox with Nixpkgs, you will need to pin Devbox in your profile or Nix configuration. You can find the Nixpkg commits for previous versions of Devbox on [Nixhub](https://www.nixhub.io/packages/devbox). 

## Next Steps

* **[Getting Started](quickstart.mdx):** Learn how to create a dev environment with Devbox
* **[Devbox Global](devbox_global.md):** Learn how to use the devbox as a global package manager

Commit message:

Update docs for 0.13 series (#2312)
## Summary
* Update Services docs to include all new features (attach, port
selection)
* Document `--patch` flag and json config
* Document installation via nix flake
* Document Devbox Environment Variables

## How was it tested?
localhost, `devbox run -- pnpm build`

---------

Signed-off-by: John Lago <750845+Lagoja@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Lucille Hua <lucille.hua@jetpack.io>

docs/app/docs/installing_devbox.mdx, after:

---
title: Installing Devbox
sidebar_position: 2
---
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs'
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## Install Devbox

Select your OS below for the steps to install Devbox.

<Tabs queryString="install-method">
<TabItem value="linux" label="Linux">

Run the following install script as a *non-root user* to install the latest version of Devbox:

```bash
curl -fsSL https://get.jetify.com/devbox | bash
```

Devbox requires the [Nix Package Manager](https://nixos.org/download.html). If Nix is not detected when running a command, Devbox will install it for you in single-user mode for Linux. Don't worry: You can use Devbox without needing to learn the Nix Language.

If you would like to install Nix yourself, we recommend the [Determinate Nix Installer](https://determinate.systems/posts/determinate-nix-installer/).

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="macos" label="MacOS">

Run the following install script to install the latest version of Devbox:

```bash
curl -fsSL https://get.jetify.com/devbox | bash
```

Devbox requires the [Nix Package Manager](https://nixos.org/download.html). If Nix is not detected when running a command, Devbox will install it in multi-user mode for macOS. Don't worry: You can use Devbox without needing to learn the Nix Language.

If you would like to install Nix yourself, we recommend the [Determinate Nix Installer](https://determinate.systems/posts/determinate-nix-installer).

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="wsl" label="Windows/WSL2">

You can use Devbox on a Windows machine using [**Windows Subsystem for Linux 2**](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install).

<details>
<summary>Installing WSL2</summary>

To install WSL2 with the default Ubuntu distribution, open Powershell or Windows Command Prompt as an administrator, and run:

```bash
wsl --install
```

If WSL2 is already installed, you can install Ubuntu by running

```bash
wsl --install -d Ubuntu
```
If you are running an older version of Windows, you may need to follow the [manual installation steps](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install-manual) to enable virtualization and WSL2 on your system. See the [official docs](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install) for more details

</details>

Run the following script in your WSL2 terminal as a *non-root user* to install Devbox.

```bash
curl -fsSL https://get.jetify.com/devbox | bash
```

Devbox requires the [Nix Package Manager](https://nixos.org/download/). If Nix is not detected on your machine when running a command, Devbox will automatically install it in single user mode for WSL2. Don't worry: You can use Devbox without needing to learn the Nix Language.

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="nix" label="NixOS/Nixpkg">

Devbox is available through the [**Nix Package Manager**](https://search.nixos.org/packages?channel=unstable&show=devbox&from=0&size=50&sort=relevance&type=packages&query=devbox).

To install on NixOS:

```bash
nix-env -iA nixos.devbox
```

To install on a non NixOS:

```bash
nix-env -iA nixpkgs.devbox
```

or

```bash
nix profile install nixpkgs#devbox
```

Note: New releases of Devbox need to be updated in Nixpkgs before they are available for installation. If you want to use the latest version of Devbox, you can install it using the [Nix Flake](.?install-method=flake).

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="flake" label="Nix Flake">

You can also install Devbox on a NixOS/Nixpkgs system using our Nix Flake. Using the Nix Flake can help you access pre-releases and final releases of Devbox as soon as they are published.

To get the latest version:

```bash
nix profile install github:jetify-com/devbox/latest
```

To install a specific version, you can run the following command (only supports versions 0.13.2 and above).

```bash
nix profile install github:jetify-com/devbox/0.13.2
```


</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Updating Devbox

Devbox will notify you when a new version is available. To update to the latest released version of Devbox, you can run `devbox version update`.

If you installed Devbox with Nix, you can update Devbox via Nix using `nix-env -u devbox`, or `nix profile upgrade`.

You can find release notes and details on the [Releases page](https://github.com/jetify-com/devbox/releases) of the Devbox Github repo.

## Rolling Back or Pinning a Specific Version of Devbox

You can rollback or pin the version of Devbox on your system using the `DEVBOX_USE_VERSION` environment variable. For example, to use version 0.8.0:

```bash
export DEVBOX_USE_VERSION=0.8.0
```

Setting this variable will use the specified version of Devbox even if a newer version has been installed on your machine.

If you installed Devbox with Nixpkgs, you will need to pin Devbox in your profile or Nix configuration. You can find the Nixpkg commits for previous versions of Devbox on [Nixhub](https://www.nixhub.io/packages/devbox).

## Next Steps

* **[Getting Started](quickstart.mdx):** Learn how to create a dev environment with Devbox
* **[Devbox Global](devbox_global.md):** Learn how to use the devbox as a global package manager
